# CS-370-12200-M01

The code given was a starter code that was two Python classes, TreasureMaze.py; which represents the environment, and incldues a maze obnbject defined as a matrix. While the second class is GameExperience.py, which stores episodes and all states that come in between the initial state and the terminal state. This is used by an agent for learning experience called "exploration." The code I needed to create was one to complete the deep Q-learning implemetnation for which a skeleton implementation has also been provided. The code created worked with preset codes; however, the parts that I implemented created state_sizes, discount rates, and exploration rates, along with decays. This would help with allowing the agent to move around the game and solve different routes. 

Computer scientists work to design, develop, and analyze algorithms. By doing so, they work to solve complex problems within varous fields. This is important because it helps with innovation driving, improving efficiency, and enhances how we are able to utilize our technology safely. To approach problems as a computer scientist, it would require defining problems to better understand how to solve them. Additionally, it would be important to test and evaluate to check for correctness and efficiency. Overall, the ethical responsibilities to the end user would be transparency and privacy. Transparency fosters trust and allows the end users to better understand limitations. Whereas, privacy would also protect user data as well as reassure that it is being used responsibly and not compromised. 
